# HaystackInterview

In this repository, I have included code samples from two academic projects I have worked on, showcasing two different aspects of my programming experience.  

The first is my senior capstone project, which I completed as part of a team of six Computer Science students.  I have chosen to include this project because I felt that it is related to some of the work I would be doing at Haystack.  In this project, my team had a corporate sponsor who provided us with a description of a web application that they would like us to develop, and every two weeks we would meet with them to update them on our progress and receive feedback and clarification.  The files I have included, customer-form.component.html and customer-form.component.ts are an example of one of the components of this application I was tasked with creating with Angular as a member of the front-end sub-team.

The other project I have included is from one of the courses I completed during my time in the master's program.  For this project, my team and I were primarily tasked with the implementation various methods of image classification.  We were given a dataset containing images of hands in various positions, and we were required to use different approaches to classify the hands in the images as dorsal, with the back of the hand facing up, or palmar, with the palm facing up.  The file I have included, ppr.py, includes some of the work for which I was primarily responsible.  I was tasked with creating a classifier using the Personalized Page Rank (PPR) algorithm and a training dataset of labeled images to classify a test dataset of unlabeled images.  My approach to implementing PPR was based on that described in this paper: https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/1014052.1014135?casa_token=yKYCGPJ4HSEAAAAA:FhZmygtFj0o1SnR9cu0DmV1W7DcDJXtVwyn9r1wxQziOV8-fOsCQqjvNJH673rUi-FGkrW0CXHf4
